XYZ Ltd. is a multinational company and it has multiple applications for multiple products. You are working as DevOps engineer in XYZ company. 

XYZ Ltd, recently take over a small entity which has 2 application BATA and TATA. This entity has on premise setup. Now after take over XYZ Ltd decided to move this setup to AWS cloud. 

You need to create 4 environment, DEV, QA, DR, PROD, where these application will get deployed.
1. Create DEV and PROD vpc in us-east-2 region as per given in US-EAST-2.png 
2. Create QA and DR vpc in us-west-2 region as per given in US-WEST-2.png
	Note : You can create this manually in AWS but I will prefer you create cloudformation templete which will
	accept below parameter and will create VPC as per the parameter.
	a) VPC NAME
	b) VPC CIDR
	c) Public subnet CIDR

You need to create Jenkins server from where application team can perform below activity.
1) Spin new ec2 instance
	This ci/cd should ask 3 parameter
	  a) selection of application (BATA/TATA)
	  b) selection of environment (DEV,QA,DR,PROD)
	  c) No. of server need to spin
	Note - BATA application will have amazon linux AMI and TATA application will have ubuntu AMI.
	
2) Get new server ready for application
    This ci/cd should ask IP address of the application server.
   Note - We have only one java application so run this against BATA application server.
   
3) Deploy application.
    This ci/cd should ask IP address of the application server.
	Note - application git url - https://github.com/indorenilesh/TestWebApp.git. Use "basicform" branch.
	Note - We have only one java application so run this against BATA application server.
	
Consider below things while creating jenkins server.
1) Jenkins should be running with Jenkins user.
2) Create customized jenkins startup and stop script.
3) You should login with your id in jenkins(Not with default user.) 

Note - consider ec2-user as a application user. Authentication done with PEM file only.

Tips
-----
First create all VPC as per given region and other details.

Major part is ansible script used in background of all 3 ci/cd pipeline. 

So first create ansible script which will spin ec2 instance and will consider AMI and Subnet as per parameter provided.
i.e. if I provide application as BATA and environment as DEV, then ec2 instance should get created in public subnet of DEV vpc with amazon linux.

Once you able to create above scripts, upload it in git, and create ci/cd pipeline which will download this code and execute ansible script. Use ansible plugin in pipeline.

In second ci/cd, create required directory structure, environment variables and install requried software which is required to run java application.

In thrid ci/cd, you have already done this while learning jenkins, so I guess you already know this. 
